added ohsumed (#1537)
huggingface/datasets: datasets/ohsumed/README.md

---
annotations_creators:
- human-annotated
language_creators:
- crowdsourced
languages:
- en
licenses:
- cc-by-nc-4.0
multilinguality:
- monolingual
size_categories:
- 100k< n<500K
source_datasets:
- original
task_categories:
- text-classification
task_ids:

> - multi-label-classification

Reviewer: What are the classification input/target?

Author: Pls check my note on the supervised task below.

- **Leaderboard:**
- **Point of Contact: [William Hersh](mailto:hersh@OHSU.EDU) [Aakash Gupta](mailto:aakashg80@gmail.com)**

### Dataset Summary

The OHSUMED test collection is a set of 348,566 references from
MEDLINE, the on-line medical information database, consisting of
titles and/or abstracts from 270 medical journals over a five-year
period (1987-1991). The available fields are title, abstract, MeSH
indexing terms, author, source, and publication type. The National
Library of Medicine has agreed to make the MEDLINE references in the
test database available for experimentation, restricted to the
following conditions:

1. The data will not be used in any non-experimental clinical,
library, or other setting.
2.  Any human users of the data will explicitly be told that the data
is incomplete and out-of-date.

Please check this [readme](https://trec.nist.gov/data/filtering/README.t9.filtering) for more details

### Supported Tasks and Leaderboards

[Text Classification](https://paperswithcode.com/sota/text-classification-on-ohsumed)

### Languages

The text is primarily in English. The BCP 47 code is `en`

## Dataset Structure

### Data Instances

> [More Information Needed]

Reviewer: It would be nice to have an actual sample here, in JSON format 😄 
Something like: 
```json
{
    "seq_id": <seq_id>,
    "medline_ui": <medline_ui>,
    "mesh_terms": "terms",
    "title": "Title",
    "publication_type": "pub_type",
    "abstract": "Abstract of the document",
    "author": "John Doe",
    "source": "source of the document",
}
```

---
annotations_creators:
- human-annotated
language_creators:
- crowdsourced
languages:
- en
licenses:
- cc-by-nc-4.0
multilinguality:
- monolingual
size_categories:
- 100k< n<500K
source_datasets:
- original
task_categories:
- text-classification
task_ids:
- multi-label-classification

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

- **Leaderboard:**
- **Point of Contact: [William Hersh](mailto:hersh@OHSU.EDU) [Aakash Gupta](mailto:aakashg80@gmail.com)**

### Dataset Summary

The OHSUMED test collection is a set of 348,566 references from
MEDLINE, the on-line medical information database, consisting of
titles and/or abstracts from 270 medical journals over a five-year
period (1987-1991). The available fields are title, abstract, MeSH
indexing terms, author, source, and publication type. The National
Library of Medicine has agreed to make the MEDLINE references in the
test database available for experimentation, restricted to the
following conditions:

1. The data will not be used in any non-experimental clinical,
library, or other setting.
2.  Any human users of the data will explicitly be told that the data
is incomplete and out-of-date.

Please check this [readme](https://trec.nist.gov/data/filtering/README.t9.filtering) for more details

### Supported Tasks and Leaderboards

[Text Classification](https://paperswithcode.com/sota/text-classification-on-ohsumed)

### Languages

The text is primarily in English. The BCP 47 code is `en`

## Dataset Structure

### Data Instances

> """
> {'seq_id': 7770,
>   'medline_ui': 87120420,
>   'mesh_terms': 'Adult; Aged; Aneurysm/CO; Arteriovenous Fistula/*TH; Carotid Arteries; Case Report; Female; Human; Jugular Veins; Male; Methods; Middle Age; Neck/*BS; Vertebral Artery.',
>   'title': 'Arteriovenous fistulas of the large vessels of the neck: nonsurgical percutaneous occlusion.',
>   'publication_type': 'JOURNAL ARTICLE.',
>   'abstract': 'We describe the nonsurgical treatment of arteriovenous fistulas of the large vessels in the neck using three different means of endovascular occlusion of these large lesions, which are surgically difficult to approach and treat.',
>   'author': 'Vitek JJ; Keller FS.',
>   'source': 'South Med J 8705; 80(2):196-200'}
> 
> """

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
```
{'seq_id': 7770,
  'medline_ui': 87120420,
  'mesh_terms': 'Adult; Aged; Aneurysm/CO; Arteriovenous Fistula/*TH; Carotid Arteries; Case Report; Female; Human; Jugular Veins; Male; Methods; Middle Age; Neck/*BS; Vertebral Artery.',
  'title': 'Arteriovenous fistulas of the large vessels of the neck: nonsurgical percutaneous occlusion.',
  'publication_type': 'JOURNAL ARTICLE.',
  'abstract': 'We describe the nonsurgical treatment of arteriovenous fistulas of the large vessels in the neck using three different means of endovascular occlusion of these large lesions, which are surgically difficult to approach and treat.',
  'author': 'Vitek JJ; Keller FS.',
  'source': 'South Med J 8705; 80(2):196-200'}

```
````

### Data Fields

Here are the field definitions:

>  .I      sequential identifier 
>    (important note: documents should be processed in this order)
>  .U      MEDLINE identifier (UI) 
>    (<DOCNO> used for relevance judgements)
>  .M      Human-assigned MeSH terms (MH)
>  .T      Title (TI)
>  .P      Publication type (PT)
>  .W      Abstract (AB)
>  .A      Author (AU)
>  .S      Source (SO)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- seg_id: sequential identifier 
   (important note: documents should be processed in this order)
- medline_ui: MEDLINE identifier (UI) 
   (<DOCNO> used for relevance judgements)
 - mesh_terms: Human-assigned MeSH terms (MH)
- title: Title (TI)
- publication_type : Publication type (PT)
- abstract: Abstract (AB)
- author: Author (AU)
- source: Source (SO)
```
